Hello everyone and welcome to lesson 2a.
In this lesson, Randy and I will be going
over how to download the Android OS into
an SD card so you that can
flash it onto your DragonBoard.
So in this lesson, we'll first show you
where to download the Android image.
And next we'll show you, we'll create
the path variable to the Android image so
that when you flash the micro
SD card with the image,
it's a bit easier to navigate through,
right?
>> Yeah.
Then afterwords we're gonna go ahead and
flash the SD card with the image
onto the DragonBoard for you to install
the operating system that you want.
In this case, Android.
>> And so stay tuned, and
we'll see you in the next section.